c:\users\administrator.tareq.000\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Billing System\Billing System\bin\Billing System.dll
c:\users\administrator.tareq.000\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Billing System\Billing System\bin\Billing System.pdb
c:\users\administrator.tareq.000\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Billing System\Billing System\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\administrator.tareq.000\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Billing System\Billing System\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\administrator.tareq.000\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Billing System\Billing System\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\administrator.tareq.000\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Billing System\Billing System\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\administrator.tareq.000\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Billing System\Billing System\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\administrator.tareq.000\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Billing System\Billing System\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\administrator.tareq.000\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Billing System\Billing System\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrator.tareq.000\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Billing System\Billing System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\administrator.tareq.000\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Billing System\Billing System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\administrator.tareq.000\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Billing System\Billing System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrator.tareq.000\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Billing System\Billing System\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\administrator.tareq.000\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Billing System\Billing System\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\administrator.tareq.000\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Billing System\Billing System\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\administrator.tareq.000\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Billing System\Billing System\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\administrator.tareq.000\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Billing System\Billing System\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\administrator.tareq.000\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Billing System\Billing System\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\administrator.tareq.000\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Billing System\Billing System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\administrator.tareq.000\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Billing System\Billing System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\administrator.tareq.000\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Billing System\Billing System\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\administrator.tareq.000\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Billing System\Billing System\obj\Debug\Billing System.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator.tareq.000\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Billing System\Billing System\obj\Debug\Billing System.dll
c:\users\administrator.tareq.000\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Billing System\Billing System\obj\Debug\Billing System.pdb
